Why are you here?
You copied it, do you want to do the opposite?
take personal advantage
Your people?
Said my business license was fake
He tore up my business license
Mr. Chen surprised you
I found out too late.
How dare you!
You tore up your business license
Situ Shenbing
Somebody throw him out for me
Go to the market to forgive me
I don't care if I go to the market.
He won't go to the market
Go to the market!
Mr. Chen, you have worked hard
Director Xu
Hey no
Come and save me yourself
Mr. Cheng saved Quanzi's life
I've been careful with it
Old sister Mr. Cheng is off
It's an honor.
More than that, Director Qu
As for the person, go and check this Liu Yangyang carefully.
What the hell is going on?
It's me, I'll check it out
As long as I find out, I will endure them
Hey spring breeze
I got a text saying that Qu Sichang wants to invite you to dinner
The Hyatt Regency downtown.
It seems that there is something to ask for.
You've had a lot of dinners lately
We're just at the beginning of our journey.
Isn't it a good thing to socialize more?